---
header_brand: "color33"
header_logo: "images/color33_logo_light_bg.png"
header_tagline_paragraph: "Provides stable, spectral categories for multi-spectral Earth observation imagery analysis and applications. Automatically transforms imagery from multiple sensors into transferable, actionable spectral categories in near-real-time. We give you stable color alphabet, you build the vocabulary."
header_button_cta:
  url: "mailto:info@color33.io"
  title: "Get in touch"
header_button_more:
  url: "#focus-on-what-is-known"
  title: "Why stable spectral categories?"
teaser_image: "images/20190918_IMGtoSIAM96_33UWP.jpeg"
---

# Focus on what is known

Don't start from ground zero every time you want an algorithm to detect new characteristics or learn from highly complex multi-spectral imagery. Rather establish a stable starting point by categorizing images based on spectral profiles using a physical-model and go from there. Introduce a stable visual alphabet as a basis for your workflows with which to build meaning.

color33 is an automated, cloud-based, online processing service for deriving information from multi-spectral EO images. Without the need for training samples, it turns imagery calibrated to top-of-atmosphere reflectance into stable, comparable, sensor-independent spectral categories. Single images can be handled in near-real-time, but the service can be scaled to big image collections.

Unlike unsupervised clustering routines, color33 is based on a physical-model, producing a known set of spectral categories with known semantic associations. The service is parameter-free, fully-automated and application-independent.

Sound interesting? Get [in touch](mailto:info@color33.io)!

---

# Do you analyse Earth observation imagery?

color33 is an online processing service accessible via a web-frontend or API that can fit into the processes and workflows you may already use. The resulting spectral categories can:

- automate bi-temporal change detection
- automate the calculation of normalised occurrence of spectrally similar observations over time
- stratify images, so that algorithms only consider pixels that are similar in a multi-spectral space rather than processing entire images
- stratify training sample collection for machine-learning algorithms to ensure that your samples represent features of interest across the multi-spectral feature space they inhabit
- validate reflectance values from newly developed calibration or correction routines
- help you explore the spectral characteristics, spatio-temporal dynamics and heterogeneity of imagery content prior to application-specific analysis

---

# Are you an app developer?

color33 provides an API for processing imagery in near-real-time based on custom, spatial-temporal AOIs, and offers a reliable, cloud-based approach for semantic enrichment. Relieve the pain to maintain your own EO data infrastructure and just use color33 for what you need, when you need it.


---

# We want to hear from you!

Interested in learning more? We appreciate your feedback at this early stage of developing the color33 service. Do not hesitate to contact us. If you are interested seeing how spectral categories generated by color33 are already being used, we'd love to share some existing information-generation workflows and on-top applications!

---

# Imprint & Privacy Policy

Let's keep it simple. A friendly contact point:

Hannah Augustin
University of Salzburg, Department of Geoinformatics – Z_GIS
Schillerstrasse 30
5020 Salzburg
Austria

E-mail: info@color33.io


